Optional markdown rendering of Job.Meta.description (#1202)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/jobs.md

#### `description`

An optional human-friendly description of what this job does.
This can accept either plain text or markdown-formatted text. It can also be multiple lines:

```python
class ExampleJob(Job):
    class Meta:
        description = """
            This job does a number of interesting things.
            
             1. It hacks the Gibson
             2. It immanentizes the eschaton
             3. It's a floor wax *and* a dessert topping
        """
```

> If you code a description, the first line is used in the description column of the jobs list.

Reviewer: Perhaps:

```suggestion
If you code a multi-line description, the first line only will be used in the description column of the jobs list, while the full description will be displayed in the job submission, approval, and results pages.
```

#### `description`

A human-friendly description of what this job does.
This can accept either plain text or markdown-formatted text. It can also be multiple lines like so:

```python
class ExampleJob(Job):
    class Meta:
        description = """
        #### Title

>         Another line

Reviewer: I don't think we should be encouraging people to put heading tags in their job descriptions. Can we use a different example, perhaps list formatting or something like that instead?

Also it would be good to call out the first-line-of-the-description-only behavior that will be seen on the job list view.

```
        description = """
            This job does a number of interesting things.

            1. It hacks the Gibson
            2. It immanentizes the eschaton
            3. It's a floor wax *and* a dessert topping
        """
```
